Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey. turtle.
I'm Mabel.
and I'm gonna get you out of here.
Hey. you!
What's in that bag?
What?
Hey! Hey! Come back here!
I'm talking to you!
Uh. Mabel?
What you doing?
Is that "The Mabel"?
It is.
Her bag!
It's moving!
Oh. she's doing it again!
Mabel. give it to me.
Mabel. sweetie.
Come here. young lady.
Stay still. Mabel.
Easy. easy.
Just give us the bag.
Stay still.
Stop her!
Get her!
Oh. gosh!
She is so agile!
Stop. young lady!
Whoa!
Mabel!
We have rules for a reason.
They apply to everyone. including you.
You're part of a big class. And that means.
I know you love animals. Mabel.
but you bit someone.
You cannot bite people.
That is not something I should have to say.
Mom. I got to get back to work.
Can you take her for a few hours?
Thanks.
So what'd they book you for this time?
The outlaw's life is pretty lonely. huh?
Alright. you leave me no choice.
Come on
When I was 12.
I punched Susie Perkins in the face
I used to get really mad
but not anymore
Wanna know my secret?
Hmm
You just have to be very still.
and watch and listen
shhhh
Feel better?
That's what nature does.
It's hard to be mad
When you feel like you're
part of something big.
Grandma can I come here every day?
Anytime you want.
It could be our special place.
You and me.
There's.
No matter what happens.
You've always got this glade.
Gotta go. Grandma.
♪ That girl thinks she's the queen ♪
♪ of the neighborhood. ♪
♪ She got the hottest... ♪
Safety check.
Clear to proceed with ignition
Safety's off. Ear muffs.
-Pp check
-Check.
Okay. ignition in 5. 4. 3. 2
- One.
- No.
Everyone stop what you're doing.
This is canceled.
Hey. put that down.
Hey. get off the beaver dam.
It's full of dynamite.
Then come take it out.
- We can't!
- Fine. I'll take it out.
No.no.no...
Don't do that!
Relax everyone.
I'll take care of this.
-Mabel
-Mayor Jerry.
- How's the arm?
- Come find out?!
- When are you gonna wake up Jerry?
- Why you keep doing this?
Why are you even here. Mabel?
We have things to do.
A freeway to build.
We have cars that need to move.
People who need to get to work!
Mabel I can't keep having this
argument with you all the time.
We don't have this argument all the time
People love highways.
They love getting places fast.
Today is my day.
It's not your day.
Mabel. my mother lives here.
I need you to...
Seriously Jerry. this is illegal.
How are you just gonna
blow up a pond full of animals?
Because there are no animals.
Oh. you just gotta be like very still
and watch and listen
- No. you don't understand...
- Shh. shh. shh.
You gotta give it a sec. Jerry.
Hey. babe. I might be home late.
-Ugh
-Wait.
Where are the animals?
I was just here a few days ago.
We don't have time for this kid
- I'm 19.
- Whatever.
Get off the dam!
I'm not going anywhere.
And there's nothing you can do.
-Wait.
-Sorry. kid.
Stop. let me go!
No one even wants your stupid highway.
Everyone wants my stupid highway.
that's why I'm gonna get re-elected.
Jerry you can't just take their homes.
Look. tell you what.
Start a petition. get some signatures.
Then I'll hear you out.
You got 48 hours
till we pour the concrete
Starting.
Huh.
Hi. I'm Mabel Tanaka.
I just need two minutes of your time.
Just need one minute of your time.
We can do this in 12 seconds.
Sign here to save a
rare and beautiful place.
That apparently only I care about.
Which is why you've already shut the door.
and I...
Oh. are you from the senior sitter service?
Oh. The glade is just special. you know
frogs. fish. cute duck family. baby ducks.
more baby ducks.
I basically lived in that glade growing up.
Oh. these pants look comfy.
It's just the perfect place to calm down
and relax and deal with your rage issues.
You know.
everyone's got rage issues.
Am I right?
To some people it's an empty piece of land.
but for those animals.
It's home.
So. what do you say?
Come again.
I was just saying.
Thanks for today.
I Like you.
You've got a lot of energy
Here.
Thank you. Yes!
Huh?
The Beaverton Beltway will be my
proudest accomplishment as mayor.
Finally connecting Beaverton to itself.
I love animals almost as
much as I love Beaverton.
We were very careful to locate the Beltway.
Only across land that
wasn't home to any wildlife.
It's why the state gave
us permission to build.
We went through several rounds.
Only across land that
wasn't home to any wildlife.
It's why the state gave
us permission to build
I Need your help.
Oh. I don't go by dog.
All right. Dr. Sam.
I know Jerry has permission
to destroy the glade.
But something doesn't add up.
Mabel. I'm in the middle of class
'Sup. Mabel!
A Class that you are enrolled in.
notwithstanding your repeated absences.
Look I understand your passion. I do.
But you're failing my class.
You're breaking your bones.
This obsession with the
glade is ruining your life.
But Dr. Sam. we're running out of time
My dear. you won't be in college forever.
You need a plan for the future.
What about the Glade's future?
The mayor's acting like
the animals are gone.
-Mabel. the mayor is right
-But I'm not buy it.
What?
Those animals are gone.
They left after the
resident beaver moved out.
But what does that mean?
I know how hard it's been for you.
Since your grandma passed.
But Mabel you can't save that place.
Only a beaver can.
Wait. what? a beaver can save the glade?
Oh. well. of course.
it's a keystone species.
It just takes one to dam a stream.
Maintain the dam and pretty soon.
-You've got a pond full of animals.
-Pond full of animals
Of course.
So. if I bring a beaver back to the glade.
All the other animals will come back
And Jerry won't be able to build there.
One beaver can save the glade!
Theoretically yes.
I mean you're...
Gotta find a beaver
We live in Beaverton
How hard could it be?
One beaver. just gotta get one beaver.
Mabel. are you sure you want to do this?
You'll have more opportunities. sweetie.
If you come with us.
Mom. I'm not moving across the country.
Grandma needs me.
Nope!
Look after this place. okay?
This is impossible.
It worked. It worked.
No. no. no. wait. wait. wait.
No. no. no. come back
Ahhh
What
Hey. hey stop!
Kidnapper.
Hey. bring that beaver back!
Beaverton University.
Dr. Sam
Hey boss how's the new prototype?
Good. good.
Fix the latency issue.
Firm synaptic handshake.
I don't know I just feel like
someone saw me come in.
You say that every time.
Well. one of these days I'll be right.
Conner. how's Hopper 3?
All good boss.
We just need to be careful.
This technology must never
fall into the wrong hands.
What is this?
- Mabel.
- Dr. Sam.
What? You're. you're
experimenting on animals?
-I'll handle her
-Nisha no!
I don't know what you
think you saw
but I think you're...
Oh. you people are sick.
No. no. no. there's a simple explanation.
What've you done to him?
Mabel. you're holding a robot.
What?
See. not an animal.
Now. just hand back.
First. tell me what this is.
Okay. okay.
We call it Hoppers.
Hoppers?
Mm. We use a proprietary
mind casting apparatus
to hop or inhabit a lifelike replica.
I don't know what that means.
-We put this into this
-Yes yes
This into this.
This into this
Oh so it's not a real beaver.
Why would you make this?
Why would we tell you?
Nisha. it's okay. you see Mabel.
to help animals. we
have to understand them.
And the traditional
methods just weren't working
Until one day I had an idea.
I refined that idea.
hired two like-minded souls
with relevant skill sets.
And after years of
work. we've done it Mabel.
they think we are them.
So let me get this straight
You created a fake animal.
- Yes.
- Which makes the other animals
- Think you're an animal?
- Yes.
Whoa. You guys. this is like Avatar.
This is nothing like Avatar.
Just give it back.
Oh. put that down
That's my life's work. in your hands.
Oh wait. Hold up.
Dr. Sam. You could save the glade.
Uh. what do you mean?
If you can talk to animals as an animal.
you could find a beaver
and get it to move back to the glade.
- Out of the question!
- Why not?
We do not interfere with
the workings of nature.
Look we're on your side.
Animals are losing their homes
and you're not doing anything.
Please. just give it back
Well if you won't do it. I will
No absolutely not.
-Mabel.
-Sorry doc
I'll bring it right back
Mabel.
This is bad.
This is bad. This is so bad. She's in.
Can you hear me? Are you in there?
Whoa. crazy.
Mabel. we need to get
you out of there. now.
Wait. wait. Oh nice.
Look doc. I'm just gonna borrow it.
Grab her.
Get back here.
How is she so agile?
No. It's locked on.
I know.
That's why we have to dock it.
Lock the exit.
Mabel. come in. come in.
Dr. Sam?
Mabel. you are not getting away.
Nisha. she's headed for the south exit.
Got her.
move move
Mabel. get back here.
I know you want to save that glade.
but this is not the way.
Stop it. stop!
She found the button.
Nisha over here
Where'd she go?
I didn't know she could move that fast.
Just find her.
- Mabel!
Yes.
ahh
Quiet down food. my kids need to eat.
Whoa.
Wow
Hey.
- And they were in the same den.
- Oh. no
Hey. how you doing. girl?
- What's up? what's up?
- I'm here to find my bird
- Ladies...
- Nice feathers.
- Are we vibing?
- Is this branch taken?
I understand you.
Ladies. so what you're doing later?
This is incredible.
Hello. Hi. Deer. What's up?
Hey rabbit.
What's up man? what's up bro?
What is up with all of you?
Oh. hey squirrel.
Yeah?
D-Do you know where I could find a beaver?
But. you're a beaver
Oh. yeah. I guess that's true
But. uhm.
Here we go.
- Hi. I just need 2 minutes of your time.
- Go away!
-I'm just looking for 1 beaver
-Sorry
- Can you?
- Gotta go
-No.
-Nope.
-uh-uh
-sorry
- No!
- Baby ducks. Please.
Tell me where to find a beaver.
Have you checked the stream?
Oh. uh. no.
Where's the oh.
Oh. got it. Thank you.
I'm getting the glade back.
Just hang on a little longer.
I got you.
Good luck.
- Hey. what's that?
- It's an arrow. Ted
Beaver.
Hey. over here.
So glad I found you.
What? Me?
Yeah. you're gonna save the glade
We have like 1 day to dam it up
and make a pond. So let's go.
Hey. you coming?
- Uh. what?
- Please
We're running out of time. The glade.
they're building a beltway on top of it
Uh huh. The beltway. it's for cars.
Cars are. you know?
You know cars?
No. doesn't matter.
The point is. it's bad.
We can stop it.
You and me.
What do you say?
I should really get going.
Oh. wait. No. no. no. come back.
- I'm so sorry please.
- What?
- Lunch time.
- Oh no
-Yeay
-No
No. put him down.
Aww. aww. hey.
Drop him
Stop. stop. aww.
Let him go.
I need this more than you need.
Okay. okay. Okay.
- Why? Huh?
- Why what?
Why would I save his life?
-Yeah
-Yeah why would you do that?
Wait. what?
But she was gonna eat you!
Oh yeah. she caught me. It's pond rules.
Mm. Pond rules!
Wait. I'm confused
How could you be cool with that?
I mean. she's gotta eat someone.
So um do you still wanna?
That's weird now.
I don't know. I guess. I'm sorry. okay?
No it's not okay.
You broke the pond rules.
Now we have to see the king.
There's a king?
Look. she can't have gone too far.
Conner. get out of the bird.
Dr. Sam are you there?
- Mabel?
- Keep her on the line
Mabel? Mabel. where are you?
Yeah. so I'm sort of in the mouth of a bear
because I broke something
called the pond rules.
And now some animals
are taking me to see the king.
- King?
- Hello?
- Did she say king?
- Animals don't have kings.
Hey. I need a location. now!
Got it. it's nowhere we've ever been.
Mabel you are in way too deep and you need
to get your fuzzy little behind back here.
I know. I will. okay.
Once I get a beaver to the glade.
Listen to me. we do not
use hopping technology.
To upset the natural order.
The animal world is dangerous.
Uh. guys you should see this.
What?
Whoa. Look at all those species.
Are these the missing
animals from the glade?
And then some.
Well. I'm sure.
there's a scientific
explanation for all this.
Why are they all here?
Silence. it has begun.
Whoa.
And up and down
And up. there it is. looking good.
Now let's step it up a notch.
What?
Whoop. yeah.
Go. yeah.
Get those little legs moving.
You got this. Keep
it going don't you stop.
And one and two. oh yeah.
Keep it up. And reach.
Grab a little piece of that fluffy cloud.
I see you turtles.
Yeah. Work that shell.
There we go. Yeah.
No one's catching us.
You got this.
Everyone is killing it today.
Yes you can.
And yes you can And yes you...
Whoa. Whoa. whoa. stop.
Stop. Everyone stop. Timeout.
Hey. looks like we got a
newcomer to the super lodge.
What's your name beaver?
Mabel. remember he
can't know you're a human.
He's not. Stay calm. Please do not look.
How did he get a little crown?
That's your question?
Hello. beaver. You got a name?
Uh Mabel.
- Come again?
- Mabel
And I need to ask you
something. Your majesty.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Your
majesty was my father.
I'm George
Sir. um.
Ah. yes. Loaf.
Ellen was trying to eat me
but then this strange
new beaver got in the way
-Hmm. But that's against pond rules
-Exactly
Uh what are pond rules>
Oh wow I am clearing the rest of the day
Let's welcome Mabel. everyone.
There's always room for one more
Okay. let's take the tour.
With all these animals
living in one little pond.
We needed some rules to make it work.
You want to live here.
you better learn them too.
But I don't want to live here.
I just want friend
rule number one. Don't be a stranger.
It's harder to be mad at
someone if you know their name.
Looking good. Ron.
Oh. thank you. sir.
You too. Fran. Tom. Laquan. Rosie. Tamara.
Prudence. Maddie. Pete. Peter.
Petey. Sasha. Cat. Matt. Tombo.
Oh. hey there. George.
And hello to you. Steve.
That's pond rule number two.
When you gotta eat. eat.
Pond rule number three.
We're all in this together.
How is that a rule?
Well. it means
no matter who you are.
you look out for others
who need looking out for
there pond rules.
Uh oh. buddy.
Why did everyone come here?
Hey. I'll tell you.
Oh. hello.
So. okay. here's the deal.
Whenever animals lose their homes.
The king invites them to come live here.
That's why he built this crazy place.
Yeah. it's crowded.
unsustainable. and we
really miss our homes.
But we're still alive.
Well. when you gotta eat. eat.
Uh. I think
your pond rules are inconsistent.
Okay. I know. I know. I know.
But they gotta work for everyone.
Fish. bears. beavers.
- Humans.
- Humans?
Oh. George. Humans
are not a part of your pond.
Of course they are.
We're all in this together. remember?
Animal homes. human homes.
They're all just one big place.
George. No.
Humans just don't see it that way.
They want it all to themselves
and they don't care about you
or anyone else.
I think in their hearts they do.
- They don't. I'm telling you.
- Do too.
- Do not.
- Do too. Mabel.
It's the rule.
Okay. Please.
I really need a moment with you.
Can we just talk one on one?
I see. Oh. boy. Yeah.
I know what this is about.
Ellen. could you give us a moment. please?
Look. don't be embarrassed.
I get this all the time.
- Okay?
- And I'm really flattered.
But I'm married to the job
and I'm not looking for a mate.
And not to mention.
I'm way too old for you.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
You're not the first
and you won't be the last.
I don't know if it's being king
or this round oily butt.
Hey. you see that glade?
Move up over there so we can take it back.
- That's it. That's all I want.
- That place?
No one's ever moving back there.
- Why not?
- It's too loud.
What do you mean. too loud?
Ugh. There's just this noise.
It sounds like.
No. that's not it. It's more like a
Ring. ring. ring. ring. ring.
It's like.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
It is. Ah.
The loud place noise. It's a walk.
To me. the noise is more
like a. You know. like a.
It's higher. It's higher like that.
There's sort of a.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. It's.
It's more of a.
Come on. I'll just show you.
This is nice. I never get out of the pond.
Except when I gotta
go meet with the council.
- Who?
- The council.
All seeing and all powerful.
Mabel. do you not know about the.
There it is.
Oh. Did you hear that?
Uh. no.
Wow. Really?
Try getting a little closer.
Yeah. Still nothing.
I know. It's bad. right?
No. there's no noise at all.
I can't really hear you.
Anyway. You can see why everyone left.
Nope.
Because of a noise that
only animals can hear.
Oh. man. It's even worse here.
My teeth hurt.
Tell me where it's loudest.
What?
Dairy. Oh. no. no. no.
- No. no.
- Mabel. wait.
You'll hurt your little ears.
Hearing loss is forever.
It's the tree. The tree is loud.
Did she say the bee is proud?
She sees a cloud.
What? I don't get It.
Mabel. I don't think beavers can climb.
This one can.
Whoa.
Huh?
Aah. really sorry.
I'm Conner from the lab.
I'm gonna need you to come with me.
Right. Right now. preferably.
Sorry. I have to destroy this fake tree.
Fake tree?
What the?
This is a fake tree.
Wait. is that why the animals left?
I don't know.
Conner. please. Recover the asset.
10-4. boss.
Hey. we can deal with this later.
I've got to get you back to the lab.
- Stop it.
- Holy smokes.
What's that bird doing?
I think he's helping.
Gotcha.
Mabel. be careful.
That's too high for a beaver.
No. Jerry's not getting away with this.
Hey. the noise is gone.
The noise is gone.
The tree is loud.
Mabel. that was the most heroic
thing I've ever seen a beaver do.
Fellow animals. the humans have
stolen their last inch of land from us.
I say we take back the glade.
Team leader. I was not
able to recover the asset.
and she seems to have instead become
a beloved Joan of Arc type rebel leader.
How long has she been in there?
Is her brain gonna be okay?
Oh.
Great. The land is ours.
So what do we do now?
Now we party.
Party? Isn't there work to do?
Ooh.
we're beavers. Mabel. work is the party.
♪ Everyone's watching ♪
♪ to see what you do. ♪
♪ Everyone's looking at you. ♪
♪ Oh. everyone's wondering ♪
♪ will you come out tonight? ♪
♪ Everyone's trying to get it right. ♪
♪ get it right. ♪
♪ Everybody's working for the weekend. ♪
♪ Everybody wants a new romance. ♪
♪ Everybody's going off the deep end. ♪
♪ You want a piece of my heart? ♪
♪ You better start from the start. ♪
♪ You want to be in the show. ♪
♪ Come on. baby. let's go. ♪
♪ Hey. ♪
- Happy to be home?
- Yeah.
it's like we never left.
- Hey. Dave.
- Oh. hey. Bill.
That's what nature does.
It's hard to be mad when you feel
like you're part of something big.
Woohoo.
Hey Mabel. let's go
back to the super lodge.
We got some things to discuss.
Oh. George. I gotta go.
I mean. I only came here
to bring these animals back.
Yeah. and they love you for it.
Look how happy loaf is.
You can't leave now.
Come on. Mabel.
-Mabel. join us
-Just for a bit. Come on.
Come on. Mabel.
Don't do this. Mabel.
- Please.
- Okay.
but I can't stay for long. Woohoo.
Tada. The Beaverton Beltway.
Getting you where you need to go.
Up to four minutes faster.
Hey. big rally tomorrow.
Come for the fireworks.
Stay to watch us pour some concrete.
- Yeah. What is it?
- The Tree is down.
What? Call the crew.
We Got a little more work to do.
- What a day.
- Yep.
Nothing like a good swim
after a long day's party.
- Hey. Mabel.
- What?
Mabel.
Wait. Do you not know how to swim?
Of course I know.
I'm... I'm swimming right now.
Here. Relax the paws.
Let your back legs do the work.
In back we're kicking.
Up front. We're kicking back.
There you go.
Oh. that is way better. Thanks.
Parents never taught you. huh?
Yeah. along with everything else.
Parents. am I right?
You could say that again.
- Parents. am I right?
- Totally.
Yeah. My dad thought I was
unfit to succeed him as king.
so he banished me.
- Whoa.
- I know.
Doesn't get worse than that.
One day in and I was like.
somebody eat me already.
But. but then what happened?
My dad tried to start a new family.
and uncle sought to usurp him.
The twig wars began.
Next thing you know. they're
like. hey. return from exile.
You're the king.
And I was like. okay.
Ugh. How could your dad do that to you?
What a jerk.
Yeah. it was a long time ago.
We just saw things pretty different.
He always thought everyone
was trying to take advantage of him.
Me. I just try and see the good in folks.
Because everyone's good
deep down. you know?
Yeah.
I mean. but not everyone. right?
What about your dad?
Ah. he was just doing his best.
What about humans?
I don't know. They make
some pretty cool stuff.
What about the guy
who put up that fake tree?
I think if you gave him a chance.
he just might surprise you.
No. He's horrible. Come on. George.
You can't just go around trusting everyone.
You mean the way I trust you?
Well. I'm different. He's a human.
And I'm a b...
A beaver.
- Coolest beaver I know.
- No.
There's just something different about you.
You fight for what's right.
you say what's on your mind.
and you're not afraid of anything.
Which is why I wanted to ask you something.
Mabel of the Glade.
will you be Paw of the King?
What? Did you say paw?
Yeah. My royal advisor.
confidant. and eternal friend.
Oh. And because I have no kids.
The heir to my throne.
What do you say?
George? I can't be your heir.
- We just met.
- Oh. I. I see.
And you don't know who I really am.
George. I'm. I'm not a real beaver.
Oh. What was that?
What?
- Loaf. What happened?
- The Glade.
It's all gone.
I don't understand.
We just took it back.
Did the humans
take it back? Back?
It gets worse.
So. yeah.
I think there's more loud trees now.
It was intense.
Jerry. I can't believe that.
Oh. gosh.
Welcome back. everyone. Dorothy. Jose.
Scotty. we're gonna need to
make a little more room. I'm afraid
Stop.
We can't give up now.
We gotta fight back.
It's okay. Mabel.
We're better off at the pond anyway.
Pond rules.
We're all in this together.
Stop it. No.
There has to be someone who can help us.
Oh. weren't you talking about
some big powerful committee?
The council? Oof. I don't know.
They are a tough crowd.
Well. we gotta try something.
Summon the council.
- Wait. are you advising me?
- Yeah.
Of course.
Does this mean you'll be paw of the king?
Uh. yes. I'll be the paw.
All hail Mabel. Paw of the king.
George. the council.
Oh. right. Someone
call the council. please.
- Okay.
- Oh. boy.
They should be here any minute.
George. why are you so nervous?
You're the king.
Oh. Mabel. I'm just a mammal king.
Wait. what?
No way.
Yes. George. George.
The Great Animal Council has been summoned.
Let's go inside.
Hey. let me do the talking. okay?
Yeah. you got it.
This is unbelievable.
They all have crowns.
Ah. I'm going in.
We hear your request. mammal king.
Humans have overrun your glade
and driven its residents onto
your badly overcrowded shores.
Now you seek our help in reclaiming it.
Do I have that right?
- Yes. Will you help us?
- No.
Oh.
is that it?
- Can we leave?
- Good meeting. Short.
- But. but. but. We really need your help.
- Mabel.
These dry land matters
do not concern the fish realm.
Humans are your subjects. Mammal king.
Get your house in order.
George. you got to push back.
Let me handle this.
These are all good points. But
Mother. I wish to go home now.
What a waste of my time.
-Down from the sky for this
-Bad meeting.
I'm supposed to be at a party.
Do you know how hard it is?
I think we're done here.
-Let me explain something to you.
-Mabel.
This isn't just our problem.
It's yours. too. It's everyone's.
Oh. no.
What is that?
It's a fake tree. Look.
This is you and your subjects.
living happily in your homes.
But then Jerry puts this in there
and it's so loud you have to leave.
So you're not there to stop him.
From taking your land and
building his big stupid highway.
Doing this to the places you called home.
Wait. who is Jerry?
The Mayor of Beaverton.
The human king.
Unbelievable.
They're defying our authority. But how?
Because you're letting them.
You don't see what's happening
right in front of your face.
How dare you speak to us in this way.
you web footed commoner.
Patience. Titus. Let her continue.
Wake up.
Every year the human city gets bigger
and your kingdoms get smaller.
But where will we all nest?
We're gonna run out of room.
Exactly. Jerry's gonna take and
take until you end up with nothing at all.
No more land. no more water. No more you.
- I feel cold.
- I feel dry.
It's all because of Jerry.
And if we don't stop him now. we're doomed.
The shrill. unlikable beaver is right.
Like it or not. we all have
our place on the food chain.
But one animal is taking
more than is rightfully his.
One animal breaking our
very wall world with his greed.
No longer. The humans
will not take the Glade.
Their treachery ends here.
Now let's squish the human king.
Wait. Squish?
Oh. Or. Or. Or we. We. We just scare him.
I bet that would work.
No. We must squish him.
Your Glade depends on it.
They squish us.
Why shouldn't
we squish one of them?
I really don't think we need
to go all the way to squish.
I like it. Finally they'll
show us some respect.
It's like we say in the sky.
Flap around and find out.
Squish party.
Squish. Squish. Squish.
Squish. Squish. Squish. Squish.
Boss. are you seeing this?
Uh-huh.
Then it's settled.
For the crime of stealing the glade.
The human king. known as Jerry.
shall be squished.
Summon an apex predator.
- What have you done?
- Yeah. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
Wait. I am not okay with this.
This is your mess we're cleaning up.
I don't even think Squishing
Jerry would save the glade.
Cowards. You wanted us to fight back.
so we're fighting back.
You mammals disgust me.
You call yourselves intelligent?
You're so stupid.
When will you learn it?
Squish or be squish?
-Whoa
-Mom.
We gotta go. I am so sorry.
Squish them.
Come on. Come on. Run.
Mabel.
Mabel. Just stay calm.
We're gonna get you out of here.
Nisha. What happened?
Hey. put me down.
- Wait. It's me.
- Oh. you again.
- We gotta get George.
- No can do. Mabel.
You've already interfered
too much in the animal world.
- In fact...
- No.
-Mabel
-Get to George.
We gotta get you back.
Gotcha.
This is my nightmare.
Avian. Traitor. Face the V.
Go.
I got feed guys. They VEED me up real good.
George. Oh.
Mabel. what are you doing?
Mabel? Mabel.
can you hear me? Come in.
I can't override the tele link.
There's no way to contact her.
Her vitals are elevated
and she's foaming a little at the mouth.
Oh. Mabel. what have you done?
So let me get this straight.
The insect queen is dead?
Mammal king also dead?
And are there fake animals now?
What do we do?
Silence. Show some respect.
- Condolences.
- Sorry about that.
- Sorry for your loss.
- Sorry.
Spare me your pity. Oh. yes.
Yes. yes. yes.
I've been waiting for
this moment for so long.
All hail Titus. the Insect King.
-Uh. hail.
-Hail.
Human weaponry. Clever.
But no match for the
fury and might of nature.
Soon Jerry shall be squished.
His crown at our feet.
And then the real fun can begin.
But first. attend me as I pupate.
Oh. dear.
Well. that was gross.
George?
Where.
Where am I?
George? George. are you okay?
Oh. gosh. that was bad.
That was really bad.
But it's gonna be okay.
And. and. and actually.
The whole Jerry thing.
It might really help us out.
If he knows they're gonna squish him. then.
George. where are you going?
Mabel. I made you my paw.
And. I mean. you put the
human king's life in danger.
You got me chased out of my own home.
You squished my colleague.
I know.
Now all I can do is go back to the council.
beg for the human king's
life and accept my fate.
Wait. No.
I know you care about that glade.
But this is not okay.
Why couldn't you just
let me do the talking?
Because I'm so tired of feeling this way.
Like. like everything's broken
and I can't even fix this one little thing.
Like I can't make a difference.
Instead. I make everything worse.
I just.
I am so tired of having to do this alone.
Why? Why? Why doesn't anyone else care?
I do. I'm gonna help you save that place.
It matters to you. so it matters to me.
But how can you trust me again?
Trust is like a dam.
It's gonna leak sometimes.
We just gotta patch it up.
Oh. George. thank you.
But we're gonna save the human king. too.
Because we're all in this together.
- Pond rules.
You could say that again.
Pond rules.
Oh. thanks. See. Mabel? You're not alone.
Pond crew. we're gonna save
the Glade and the human king.
Who's with me?
-I.
Uh. how?
That is a great question.
Well. the council's just mad at
Jerry for taking the glade. Right?
Go on.
So if we convince Jerry to give it back.
Oh. that The council
will call off the squish.
And that's why she's the paw.
Paw. Paw. Paw.
Paw. Paw. Paw. Paw.
We just gotta get to him first.
Let's move. Poor guy must
be scared to death right
Oh.
Mayor Jerry. Here.
Sir. everything's ready for your big day.
I'm on my way.
♪ You've got a cute way of talking. ♪
♪ You got the better of me. ♪
There he is.
♪ You put a spell on me. ♪
♪ Right where you want me to be. ♪
♪ You make me feel like dancing. ♪
Okay. Mom. Here you go.
I like that Mayor Jerry.
He gets things done.
See you at the rally. Mr. Mayor.
Can't wait. Jim. I love you. Jerry.
I love you. And you. And you.
♪ You make me feel like
walking to my car and getting in. ♪
Memo to self. remember this feeling.
What are you doing? What do you want?
Please don't hurt me. Wait.
Can't believe I have to do this.
We are your friends. Red Heart.
Your life is in danger.
You must do exactly as we say.
Harry.
L.O.L. I mean. Jerry.
You know my name. Oh. no. Wait. What?
Is this about the dam?
Are you here for revenge? What do you want?
Relax. bro.
Just drive to the Glade.
Cancel your dumb highway
and no one will get hurt.
Cancel the Beltway?
No. We're about to finish it.
I think you're losing.
Don't worry. I'll handle this.
A king should hear from a king.
What are you saying?
I don't understand.
Greetings. human king.
I offer you my fragrant soothing
oils to calm you.
It's good.
Ew. What is this?
It smells like vanilla.
You are not safe here.
Just do as I say.
This can be fun.
Like a game.
Time is running out.
We need to get to the Glade.
Drive. Drive.
Your life depends on it.
Drive. Now. Rocket ship.
Okay. okay. okay.
Exit in five miles.
You are doing great. Thumbs up.
He's listening. Mabel. you did it.
All right. all right.
We're not out of the woods yet.
May I?
Beaver. Beaver. George.
Beaver. Beaver. Beaver.
Beaver.
That's probably enough.
Wait. I'm not done.
Chopped wood logs.
Chopped wood logs. Chopped
wood logs.
You want logs? I'll get you logs.
Well. forget all about logs.
George. You're confusing me.
Look. he likes it.
Excuse me. I have
some things I'd like to say.
Chop wood logs. Chopped wood logs.
Lizard. Lizard. Giraffe.
Orangutan. Potato. Potato.
Loaf of bread. Men wrestling.
Loaf of bread. Coconut. Hospital.
Potato. potato.
Oh.
Guys. look at.
Forgive me.
Hang on. I'll slow him down.
Let go.
Jerry.
Mabel. pull over.
We need to unhop you now.
I can't.
I'm protecting Jerry.
It does not look like
you're protecting Jerry.
Well. he's not cooperating.
They're getting away.
What?
Oh. my.
No. no. no. no. It's an apex predator.
Oh. it's Diane.
You guys. She's actually. like. super nice.
Hi. How are we today?
Could you just scooch back a little?
Yeah. Oh. perfect.
Yep. that's him.
All right. everyone.
let's try and have a good. clean squish.
Beaver. I suggest you leave the vehicle.
Wait. You don't have to do this.
It's a misunderstanding.
Be back in a minute.
Mabel. what's going on?
What did you do?
Where did it go? Did it leave?
You're gonna kill us.
Just calm down and let me save your life.
Mabel. he cannot understand you.
Cross communication does
not work in that beaver body.
- That's it.
- Conner. get the net.
I'm here.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I'll bring it right back.
Mabel. Diane. Back.
Okay. You'll feel a brief biting
sensation followed by death.
That's enough. Diane.
We're coming.
Humankind.
No. not you again.
-Jerry.
-It's me. Mabel.
- Mabel.
- Hey. Hey.
- Oh. hey.
I get it. I'm dreaming.
What? No. this is real.
This is just a dream
Jerry.
I bet that alarm will go off
in three. two. one.
That was very unprofessional. Beaver.
Not a dream. Not a dream.
People are beavers. Beavers are...
- Scary sharks.
- Jerry
Stay back.
It's okay. We are on your side.
Us help you.
Us no hurt you.
- You're not with the shark?
- No.
We're here to make the shark go away.
- Really?
- This will all go away.
- We got you.
- Oh. thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. thank you.
So what do we do?
You just have to give up the Glade.
Oh.
You see. the animals are mad at you
because you took their home.
- So if you just give it.
- Mabel.
I'm not canceling the Beltway.
Jerry. You broke the law.
One. you can't prove anything.
Two. what law?
Three. People want this.
-I saved your life.
-Mabel.
- I. I don't know why you're a beaver now.
- It's okay.
- We can work this out.
- Keeping that promise.
Just like it says in the ad.
He's down here.
- Mabel. No. They'll hear you.
- You're gonna give it back.
Okay? Please. Maybe we
can work something else out.
Last chance. Jerry. 3. 2. 1.
Got her. I have the asset.
No no. no. no. no.
Over here. on the dock.
Put her down. human king.
She didn't mean to hurt you.
No. George.
I stayed back. George.
I'm sorry. Now.
Stay put. Your brain needs to recover.
No one should ever hop that long.
George. George.
Please. Please.
it's me. Mabel.
Wait.
It's okay. Please.
Jerry. where are your...
They'll hear you.
Dr. Sam. what's going on?
Okay. okay. okay. okay. I got it. I got it.
Dr. Sam. what did you guys do?
Well. once the council learned
we had created the fake animals.
They made us put the
science to the opposite use.
You made a human?
Not just any human.
What. wait.
Greetings.
Hey. Mabel. Remember me?
Is that?
It is.
Oh. my voice is dropped.
Everyone. I have pubated into a man.
They put this into this.
Where's my body?
So weak and small.
I like this body better.
Don't you agree? Come on.
What is happening?
Why does he have my face?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Are you not pleased to see your king?
What is this?
A tail for your neck?
A true king would bear the lushness
of his plumage for all to see.
Well. I'm gonna lose re-election.
I don't understand.
How does a fake Jerry helped the council?
I'll tell you.
Remember this?
We've discovered that
with a few adjustments.
It can be used on humans. too.
What?
Turns out. if you have enough
fake loud trees in one place
And put all the humans right in the middle.
The rally.
The sound is not just extremely annoying.
It extremely squishes you.
Please don't do this.
I-I know Jerry did some bad
stuff. but we're not all like him.
Are you kidding?
You two are the same.
You stole. you lied.
You used us.
There's just no coming back from that.
Right. Mammal king
George?
No. no. no. no. no.
You don't understand. Please.
I didn't mean to.
It's too late.
He doesn't want to talk to you.
And he's got a party to go to.
This guy just loves to party. you know?
Come on. everyone. I don't want to be late.
George.
I. I didn't.
Ah. It's over.
We're doomed. We're doomed.
I hope you're happy. Mabel.
The animals got us.
and it's all your fault.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Why. Why are you so quiet?
You're freaking me out.
Mabel.
I did use him.
I did lie to him.
Who? The beaver and the crown?
He was my friend.
Friend? They're all just animals.
Animals. And now
they're trying to squish us
or whatever. and you don't even care.
What is wrong with you?
You did this. You riled up those animals.
Now they're all angry. Mabel.
Unbelievable.
You got a problem. kid? You know that?
You are just the absolute worst.
I can't believe that
I'm stuck here with you.
- Jerry.
- What?
It's. It's hard to be mad
When you feel like you're
part of something big.
But what are we a part of?
Everything.
We're all in this together.
Hey. we can get out of this. all of this.
If we just work with each other.
How?
Stick your head in there.
What? No. No. no. no.
I'm not getting in that thing.
Put on the helmet. Jerry.
They're people to save.
They're your voters.
- Save them. Jerry.
- I'm a coward.
The mayor catches stick his head in stuff.
Uh. okay. Am I supposed to.
What was it like when you.
Uh. Oh.
okay. Careful. Jerry.
Hey. watch out for the. Oops.
Jerry. you did it.
Mabel. Mabel.
So. what's the plan?
We're gonna give the Insect King.
the chance to do the right thing.
What? Why?
Because everyone's good deep down.
Mabel. you know that's not true.
Wouldn't you like it to be?
Just so we're clear. if this works.
I'm still gonna build the beltway.
And I'm still gonna fight it.
But today. we've got
more important things to do.
Now. stay in that beaver body.
I've got an idea.
So do I.
Fellow Beavertonians.
Please welcome to the stage. your Mayor.
Jerry Generazzo.
Yeah. it's me. Jerry.
Your leader.
Are we having a good time or what?
What a day.
It sure is nice to be human.
Yeah.
I mean. look what we did to this place.
It once belonged to all kinds of animals.
Not anymore.
We love you. Jerry.
Huh.
Speaking of powerful.
who here has squished an insect?
- Me.
- I just did.
Who else? Don't be shy.
You've all done it.
Come on. Raise your
hands. you little squishers.
Boy. it's a good thing an
insect can't squish you.
Because you kind of deserve it. Right.
Wait!
It's that girl who hates the mayor.
You don't have to do this. Titus.
How. How did you know my name?
Someone very wise once taught me.
Don't be a stranger. Pond rules.
Look. I'm sorry I killed your mom.
You think I care about that?
She was old and weak.
Of course. Course you care.
She was your mom.
When it happened. I just. I. I felt so.
- So...
- powerless.
Yeah.
I felt that way. too.
And it made me do things I wish I hadn't.
But it's not too late. Titus.
We can still learn to live with each other.
Animal homes. human homes.
They're all just one big place.
Nice speech. Too bad it sucked.
So. what. your plan was just to talk?
Did you actually think that would work?
I really hoped it would.
Jerry. Plan B.
What?
- What happened?
- What's going on?
Shut up. And let me finish the job.
Sorry. Insect King. I
won't let you back in.
Council. seize this
treasonous milk drinker.
Everyone. listen to me.
Get out of here while you still can.
She's trying to steal your
phone. Jerry. wake up.
Give it back.
I'll be back.
I don't think that's the mayor.
Calm down. losers.
I'm just getting my phone back.
That's enough. buddy.
This town's not big enough for the. Oh.
Jerry.
What is wrong with you?
Mabel. be careful.
Get off of me.
What? What are you doing? Stop it.
No. no. no.
Get it off. Get it off. Get it off.
Mabel.
Mine.
Time to die. Human.
What?
Missing something?
Titus. It's over.
It's just begun.
I will squish every last one of you.
The mammals.
-The birds.
-What?
-The reptiles.
-Huh?
- The stupid amphibians.
- What?
No one will ever eat us again.
The world will be our hive.
Mammal king.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna help.
How dare you ignore me.
I burn the whole world down.
Only the insects will re...
Everyone. this way.
Follow me. Let's go. Come on.
Mabel. Mabel.
No.
What? George.
Please. I can't lose it.
George.
No.
Oh. no. Please. Please.
No. I'm so sorry. George.
Okay. let's get you out of here.
We need to get him to safety.
- This way.
- Emergency evacuation. everyone.
Let's go. Let's go.
Come on. Come on.
Oh. no. The city.
But are you sure. George?
Hurry.
It's built too well.
We need help.
Huh?
All right. folks.
let's clean this place up.
I want it looking like we were never here.
You heard him. Let's go.
So. what are you gonna
do about the Beltway?
Well. you're here. I'm here.
Let's figure this out together.
Jer. just move a
little to the. To the left.
Jerry. could you.
- Don't go so fast.
- You're not even carrying it.
Dr. Sam. Dr. Sam.
Huh?
Dr. Sam. Is that?
Mabel?
Dr. Sam. I thought the mouse was. You know.
If only. Mabel.
As you can see. the Dean
finally shut down "Hopping".
But what about the research value?
Not worth the danger to humanity.
Her words.
But when a door closes.
A thousand windows open.
What?
Now I can focus on all my other ideas.
And I have a lot.
Oh. this is so exciting.
It's a little kooky.
-But
-Hey. uhm.
could I help with those?
You mean work for me?
Look. I know I destroyed your life's work
And you probably shouldn't
even have let me graduate.
But I'm looking for a job.
And I just want to work
with people who care.
You know. we could use someone who's...
Passionate.
Annoyingly persistent.
Strong.
Thank you. Dr. Sam.
And I'm sorry about
the whole hopping thing.
I know you and the King were pretty close.
I am sorry that you
can't talk to him anymore.
Beaver. Beaver.
Chopped wood logs. Chopped wood logs.
Coconut. Hospital.
Dancing man. Potato.
Red heart. Red heart.
Revolving hearts.
Potato.
♪ Am I a fool? to think ♪
♪ That I could change the world ♪
♪ And not change too? ♪
♪ Is it so bad? ♪
♪ To pause our future ♪
♪ To appreciate the past ♪
♪ Can we move on? ♪
♪ It's also heavy ♪
♪ New more strength to carry on ♪
♪ Caught in the friction ♪
♪ Out on the mission ♪
♪ Here so open ♪
♪ There still away ♪
♪ I'm in position ♪
♪ Full of conviction ♪
♪ Miss Tunnel-Vision ♪
♪ To save the day ♪
♪ Get out of my way. ♪
♪ Hey. ♪
♪ Out of my. ♪
♪ Is it a crime? ♪
♪ To fall in love with the whole world ♪
♪ As if it's mine? ♪
♪ Am I a fool? ♪
♪ To think that I'm exempt ♪
♪ From pain and losses too? ♪
♪ Is it so bad? ♪
♪ To shut the door ♪
♪ Just except we can't go back ♪
♪ How to move on? ♪
♪ Pick up the pieces ♪
♪ Build a strength to carry on ♪
♪ Caught in the friction ♪
♪ Out on the mission ♪
♪ Here still hoping ♪
♪ There still away ♪
♪ I'm in position ♪
♪ Full of conviction ♪
♪ Miss Tunnel-Vision ♪
♪ To save the day ♪
♪ Get out of my way-ay-ay. ♪
♪ Out of... ♪
♪ Out of my. ♪
♪ Can't hold back. ♪
♪ Too much at stake ♪
♪ And I don't know how. ♪
♪ But I'm comin' back for you ♪
♪ Don't hold back. ♪
♪ Too much at stake ♪
♪ I know it all looks bad. ♪
♪ Still comin' back for you. babe ♪
♪ (Babe. babe. babe) ♪
♪ Hold it down to the grave ♪
♪ (Grave. grave. grave) ♪
♪ I'll be back with you. ♪
Look at me. I'm the human king.
I'm a big man
I do my taxes.
Legislation. Blah. blah. blah.
Hot dogs.
Beltway.
Automobiles.
Vroom. vroom.
I love traffic.
Big cars. Big traffic.
More. more. more traffic. yeah.
Huh.
Aww.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm